Add e2etest:debug (`@react-native-windows/automation` option `breakOnStart`) (#9085)
microsoft/react-native-windows: packages/@react-native-windows/automation/README.md

  // "%PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\Windows Application Driver\WinAppDriver.exe"
  winAppDriverBin: 'D:\\WinAppDriver.exe',

>   // Optional: Whether to break on input before starting the app

Author: ```suggestion
  // Optional: Whether to break on app launch, before starting tests 
```
